General AWS interview questions
https://www.simplilearn.com/tutorials/aws-tutorial/aws-interview-questions

Explain Stopping, Starting, And Terminating An Amazon Ec2 Instance ?
What Are Regions,Availability Zones and edge nodes ? 
What Is Security Group
How To Migrate An Instance To Another Availability Zone 
How Is A Spot Instance Different From An On-demand Instance Or Reserved Instance ?
Define Auto-scaling?
What does geo-targeting in CloudFront mean?
Explain Versioning in AWS S3
What is AWS CloudFront?
Quick way to list all files in Amazon S3 bucket?

Scenario based
Q.An application you want to run on EC2 requires you to license it based on the number of physical CPU sockets and cores on the hardware you plan to run the application on. Which of the tenancy models should you specify?
A.The dedicated host option lets you see the number of physical CPU sockets and cores on a host.

Q.Which S3 encryption option does not require AWS persistently storing the encryption keys it uses to decrypt data?
A.With SSE-C you provide your own keys for Amazon to use to decrypt and encrypt your
data. AWS doesn’t persistently store the key

Q.You created a Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) using the Classless Inter-Domain Routing(CIDR) block 10.0.0.0/24. You need to connect to this VPC from your internal network,but the IP addresses in use on your internal network overlap with the CIDR. how you solve thios problem
You can’t change the primary CIDR for a VPC, so you must create a new one to con-
nect it to your internal network

Q.What is a difference between a token generated by the AWS Security Token Service (STS) and an IAM access key?
STS t okens expire and IAM access keys do not. An STS token can be used more than once. IAM access keys and STS tokens are both unique. An IAM principal can use an STS token.

Q.You configured a CloudWatch alarm to monitor CPU utilization for an EC2 instance. The alarm began in the INSUFFICIENT_DATA state and then entered the ALARM state. What can you conclude from this?
A.he transition to the ALARM state simply implies that the metric crossed a threshold but doesn’t tell you what the threshold is. Newly created alarms start out in the INSUFFICIENT_DATA state.


Q.Where do AWS Config and CloudTrail store their logs?
A.Both store their logs in S3 buckets.

Q.An EC2 instance in a private subnet can resolve an “A” resource record for a public hosted zone hosted in Route 53.
A.An EC2 instance in a private subnet still has access to Amazon’s private DNS servers, which can resolve records stored in public hosted zones. 

Q.You’re designing an application that takes multiple image files and combines them into a video file that users on the Internet can download. Which of the AWS service can help you quickly implement your application in the fastest, most highly available, and most cost-effective manner?
A.Lambda is a highly available, reliable, “serverless” compute platform that runs functions
as needed and scales elastically to meet demand. EC2 spot instances can be shut down on
short notice

Q.You’re using EC2 Auto Scaling and want to implement a scaling policy that adds one extra
instance only when the average CPU utilization of each instance exceeds 90 percent. However,
you don’t want it to add more than one instance every five minutes. Which of the scaling policies should you use?
A. A simple scaling policy changes the group size and then has a cooldown period before
doing so again. Step scaling policies don’t have cooldown periods. Target tracking policies
attempt to keep a metric at a set value. PercentChangeInCapacity is a simple scaling adjust-
ment type, not a scaling policy.

Q.Which ElastiCache engine can persistently store data?
A.ElastiCache supports Memcached and Redis, but only the latter can store data persis-
tently


Q.You want to use Route 53 to send users to the application load balancer closest to them.
Which of the routing policies lets you do this with the least effort?
A.Geoproximity routing routes users to the location closest to them. Geolocation routing
requires you to create records for specific locations or create a default record

Q.Which of the  services can alert you to malware on an EC2 instance?
A.GuardDuty looks for potentially malicious activity. Inspector looks for vulnerabilities
that may result in compromise. Shield and Web Application Firewall protect applications
from attack

Q.Which instance type will, if left running, continue to incur costs?
A.On-demand instances will continue to run and incur costs. Reserved instances cost the
same whether they’re running or stopped. Spot instances will be terminated when the spot
price exceeds your bid price

Q.Which of the AWS service lets you spin up new web servers the quickest?
A.Elastic Container Service lets you run containers that can launch in a matter of seconds.
EC2 instances take longer. Lambda is “serverless,” so you can’t use it to run a web server.
CloudFront provides caching but isn’t a web serve


Q.Your developers want to run fully provisioned EC2 instances to support their application code deployments but prefer not to have to worry about manually configuring and launching the necessary infrastructure. 
Q.Some of your application’s end users are complaining of delays when accessing your resources from remote geographic locations. Which of these services would be the most likely to help reduce the delays?

Q.Some of your application’s end users are complaining of delays when accessing your resources from remote geographic locations. Which of these services would be the most likely to help reduce the delays?

Q.As you plan your multi-tiered, multi-instance AWS application, you need a way to effectively organize your instances and configure their network connectivity and access control. Which tool will let you do that?